(light rock music)
♪ One pill makes you larger ♪
♪ And one pill makes you small ♪
♪ And the ones that mother gives you ♪
♪ Don't do anything at all ♪
♪ Go ask Alice ♪
♪ When she's 10 feet tall ♪
♪ And if you go chasing rabbits ♪
♪ And you know you're going to fall ♪
♪ Tell 'em a hookah-smoking caterpillar ♪
♪ Has given you the call ♪
♪ Call Alice ♪
♪ When she was just small ♪
♪ When the men on the chessboard ♪
♪ Get up and tell you where to go ♪
♪ And you've just had some kind of mushroom ♪
♪ And your mind is moving low ♪
♪ Go ask Alice ♪
♪ I think she'll know ♪
♪ When logic and proportion ♪
♪ Have fallen sloppy dead ♪
♪ And the White Knight is talking backwards ♪
♪ And the Red Queen's off with her head ♪
♪ Remember what the dormouse said ♪
♪ Feed your head ♪